What made you smile today?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any tattoos? If not, would you get one?
What is one skill you wish you had learned earlier in life, and why?
How do you define success, and has that definition changed over time?
What are some of the most significant challenges you've faced, and how did you overcome them?
How do you maintain a work-life balance in your daily routine?
What qualities do you value most in a friend or partner?
How do you approach resolving conflicts in personal or professional relationships?
What are some of the best ways to build trust in relationships?
How does effective communication contribute to successful relationships?
What are some of the most memorable places you've visited, and why did they leave an impression?
If you could live in any city or country for a year, where would you choose, and what would you do there?
How do you prefer to travel—alone, with friends, or with family—and why?
What cultural experiences or traditions have you found particularly fascinating during your travels?
What creative outlets do you enjoy, and how do they contribute to your well-being?
If you could master any artistic skill (e.g., painting, music, writing), what would it be and why?
What role does creativity play in problem-solving and innovation?
How do you stay inspired when working on creative projects?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be, and what would you ask them?
What's a book, movie, or TV series that had a significant impact on you, and why?
What fictional character do you relate to most, and what about them resonates with you?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be, and how would you use it?
What’s the most controversial opinion you have?
If You Could Interview A Famous Person, Who Would You Choose?
What has been your biggest accomplishment this year?
What do you most like about yourself?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you choose and why?
Who is someone you admire?
Do you think you’re an introvert or an extrovert? 
When are you the most happy?
Where would you go on vacation if you had no budget?
How do you want to be remembered?
Is there someone you would like to get to know better? Why?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you?
If you started a business, what kind would it be?
What's your favorite season and why?
Where is your favourite place to eat? 
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Have you watched anything interesting lately?
What's your favorite room in your house and why?
Which TV show or movie would you want to come true in real life?
What's your favorite dinosaur? 
Where's the most beautiful place you've ever been?
What were you obsessed with when you were a child?
What person in your life brings you the most joy?
What is your dream car?
Do you consider yourself organized?
What's been the best part of your day so far? 
What do you do to relax?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What's something (besides your phone) that you take with you everywhere?
What’s your favorite cereal? Why?
What’s your favorite game to play?
If you could be any animal what would you be and why?
What’s your favorite weather? Why do you like that weather?
What’s your favorite smell?
What is your favourite subject?
What would you to with a million dollars?
What’s your favorite time of day? Why?
What’s the best gift that you ever received? What made it special?
What’s the coolest thing you have ever seen?
Name someone you trust. Why?
What sound annoys you the most?
What’s your favorite ice cream?
What would you like to learn to do?
What would you like to do more with your family?
boastfulmilf asks: Would you ever make a bet where you have to suck someone's dick if you lose?
What colour makes you happy?
What colour makes you sad?
What was the best party you ever went to? 
What’s one thing you forget to do regularly?
What are the qualities that make a good friend?
What do you do when you’re afraid?
What is your favourite thing to do during the summer?
What is your favourite thing to do during the winter?
What is the best thing that ever happened to you?
What is your favorite candy?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you?
If you could trade lives for one day with somebody you know, who would it be?
What do you think is beyond the stars?
What do you do if you see someone treated unfairly?
What is something special you want to do for a friend?
How would you describe yourself to someone who hasn’t met you?
What is your favorite chore to do in the house? Which is your least favorite chore?
What superhero would you want to be and why?
If you could play any instrument, which would you choose and why?
Do you think that art has the power to cure?
What is art to you?
Is art still valuable in the world?
Do you find a painting changes as you step forward or backward to view it?
Can art influence your attitude?
Do you favor certain colors in a painting?
What art forms are you familiar with?
What art forms have you yourself tried?
Do you think the arts should be supported?
Do you think art has an important place in our schools?
Would you be willing to try your hand at something new?
Can you see art in your daily surroundings?
Do you think art has medicinal value?
Do you think anyone can learn an art form?
Do you think there is enough appreciation for the arts?
Is it okay for a museum to have a controversial art exhibit?
What are the benefits of art in your life?
Do you feel like you have all the time in the world to do what you want?
From your childhood, are there experiences that stand out?
What is your favourite holiday?
Where have you traveled?
Is there a place that you would like to revist?
Where would you jump at the chance to visit?
What’s important to know before you choose your destination?
What factors are involved in your trip destination?
Would it appeal to you to travel at the last minute to an unknown destination?
What is the longest trip you would be willing to take if you had the time and money?
Are there places that you would be afraid to venture?
Have you ever traveled alone?
Does a tour group appeal to you?
Which is your favorite mode of transportation?
Would you consider a volunteering vacation?
What do you desire to accomplish by your trip?
What kind of traveler are you?
What do you try to see or do in a new place?
Have you ever felt you had no choice?
Have you ever felt there were too many choices?
What does choose wisely mean to you? 
What do you think is the disadvantage of having too much empathy?
What careers require some empathy in order to be successful?
Are their certain people you have trouble feeling empathy towards?
Could too much empathy cause problems?
How do you show empathy?
How do you teach empathy?
Do you think your government is empathetic towards citizens?
When does empathy interfere with your job?
What does “walking in someone’s shoes” mean to you?
Can you learn or be taught empathy?
How can I best help someone who is battling with depression?
How far can excuses like trauma and psychological issues go? When do you put the responsibility on the person?
How can we revolutionize education for the 21st century and beyond?
What is the point of formal education?
What do you think about your country’s education system?
Should philosophy be taught earlier in school to inspire children to question more?
What kind of effects are dire warnings about nationalism, global warming, terrorism, and more having on today’s youth?
How does “knowing too much” benefit or harm you?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
Do you think there are benefits to educating boys and girls in separate schools?
What would you like to see included in the curriculum in high school?
How early would job shadowing be beneficial in the school system?
Should schools change their schedules based upon the research that shows children will benefit?
What foreign languages do you think should be required by the high schools?
How early do students need to choose what route they will follow after high school graduation?
Should education be free for all?
Do you think wearing uniforms in school is beneficial?
What characteristics are important in a teacher?
How much responsibility should parents take for the education of their children?
Should school curriculums include sex education?
How can a school involve the community?
What does a good education mean to you?
What are the elements of a good education?
Is it true that an educated person less judgemental?
Is homeschooling a valuable way to receive an education?
How could education become more relevant?
What courses in high schools would you like to be required for a good education?
Is it possible at all to live your life without fear?
Do you admire people who have no fear?
Why is the concept of “no fear” becoming popular?
Do we let fear drive our choices?
Is it unusual to have no fear in being jobless?
What does fear feel like?
When has fear got in your way?
How do you fight fear?
Is fear learned?
Are their basic fears?
Scary movies, scary rides, haunted houses…….what are the attractions?
Can you conquer fear?
Do your fears change as you age?
Are there people who control others by fear?
Can you think of places where people live in fear?
What would you do differently without fear?
Can you agree there are times having fear is a healthy emotion?
Would owning a gun calm your fears?
Do you think fear can be contagious?
Is fear about certain things inherited?
What are examples of irrational fear?
What are examples of spreading fear?
How do you contain fear?
How do you feed fear?
What techniques do you use to hide your fear?
What are some circumstances that require you to hide your fear?
Do you think males more than females are required to act fearless?
Do you believe in God that you need not fear?
Why is there fear of the unknown?
Why is there fear to take the next step?
Why should there be fear for what’s around the corner?
Would we be happier if we were living closer to nature?
How do you define happiness?
What is happiness to you?
Does happiness mean the same thing to everyone?
Is there a key to happiness?
How does happiness feel?
Can you look for happiness?
Would you recognize happiness if you had it?
Do you need sadness to know happiness?
Is happiness learned?
Do you think happiness is an illusion?
Would you like to be in a state of constant happiness?
Are you afraid of too much happiness?
Do you sabotage your happiness for others?
Do you let others take away your happiness?
Can you find happiness in the moments?
Is happiness found in a pill?
What do you need to feel happiness?
Is happiness a lost cause?
Do you need to feel happiness every day?
Do you think happiness equals good health?
Can you buy happiness?
What area of your life brings you the most happiness?
What area of your life do you need to find happiness?
What do you do when you find yourself stuck?
When you have to make a tough decision, do you make your decision based on what is right OR what feels right?
What will you do when you feel empty?
Not including deadlines, how do you motivate yourself to get stuff done?
How would you deal with the hurt of betrayal?
How do you deal with people who disagree with you?
Do you usually say what you mean? Why?
How should we deal with frustrations?
What drives you crazy (about a friend, colleague, or family member)? How do you deal with it?
How can you be self-compassionate without being self-biased?
Peoples’ attention spans are shorter now – how can we catch them?
How can I come up with an interesting question?
What does it mean to “be yourself”? Do you think you are these days? How can you be more yourself?
How can we think outside the box?
Will the future of humanity rely more on innovation, or more on mindfulness?
Is the present better than the past?
What should self-driving cars should factor in when it comes to decision making?
Do you believe in fate?
What direction is modern society headed towards?
What is the biggest challenge facing the next generation?
Are farming techniques of the past better than modern techniques?
Is there a time period or era that appeals to you?
Do you think your past determines your present or future?
What advice would you give your past-self for your present or future?
What can you do about the past to make your present or future easier?
What benefits are there to reliving the past?
Is it better to forget the past?
Can your planning for the future have you missing out on the present?
How do you rewrite your past?
What figures into determining your future?
Can you break free of the past?
Is the future bright?
What advice would you give someone planning for the future?
What positive characteristics do you carry that will see you through successfully in the future?
Are there negative characteristics that could hinder your future?
What items are important to possess to build a stable present and bright future?
Is your future already determined?
What’s the difference between a good boss and a good leader?
How do you determine if someone’s successful in life?
What is your thought on keeping “work life” and “personal life” separate?
Is motivation important? How do you motivate yourself?
I love helping people with their communication skills, but how do I get paid for my trainings?
Is it natural to be happy then sad in your career? Or is there such thing as work nirvana?
Where do you want to be five years from now?
How do you deal with pressure from your boss, co-workers, or customers?
What do you think of opening a business with passion but without market research?
Is willpower a skill that can be learned and improved, or do you think individuals have natural limits?
How can I find passion?
How can you balance life? And what is balance?
How have you gained dignity following a crisis?
Is it possible to “know thyself”?
How important is it for you to be able to define yourself?
Some of the world’s most important people have many negative traits. What is the best way to deal with these people?
What are some examples of justified violence that you can accept?
If I love someone and they don’t love me back, how can I turn that into a positive?
What are the three best things about you?
If life for you were to end now would you be happy with what you’ve done until now?
Are we taking things too seriously?
What is cute?
How much has childhood shaped who we are today?
What is healthy?
Have we become too connected?
How often during your week do you stop to look around in awe of natural beauty?
Are you a cat person?
Anger, jealousy, hate. How should we deal with negative emotions?
Should we respect all the opinions and ideas even if they are harmful?
Is shutting down your brain by watching TV or doing something “not productive” that reduces your stress – negative or positive?
Should people try to be non-judgemental or should we judge others on their actions and thoughts?
Do morals restrict or benefit humanity?
Is racism or prejudice a natural survival instinct or a choice?
How much money does a person need to survive from birth to death?
When do you think that a lie is a better option than honesty?
Why do you think some people lie about things, even when it’s not needed?
How positive is the impact of readily available information for youth in developing countries?
Given a limited amount of time on Earth, what impact do you want to leave?
What are your views on people who try to contrive, manipulate, and control circumstances in their environment but then try to evade the natural consequences that arise from it?
What is depression and why does it exist?
Is it selfish to have children?
Is it important to be a risk taker?
Do you think that to give with an intention is equal to giving with no intention?
How do you feel about leaving your comfort zone?
What are your thoughts on shifting from a reactive mindset to a more proactive mindset?
When does a victim become a victim?
Are our wedding expectations unrealistic?
Is there any difference between thinking, feeling, or talking from the heart or from the mind?
What separates man from beast?
Why do people have so much trouble accepting differences?
Why do manipulators succeed in gaining control?
What are we doing here?
How to make the most from listening?
What are you looking for?
Where does music come from?
How to preserve one’s integrity?
What is your favorite question to ask a stranger?
Do you think regrets can be a good thing?
Is a good deed that goes unappreciated worthless?
They say “curiosity killed the cat” how much curiosity is healthy?
Is life just a game?
Will artificial intelligence eventually become a God?
What could be the next scientific discovery to disprove current thinking?
Thinking of the idea of humans possibly living in a virtual reality – does that affect our morals?
Is technology something to appreciate or fear?
What is the difference between augmented reality and personal perspective?
Would you want to live forever as a machine in human body form like Battlestar Galactica?
If you could, would you move to Mars?
Is B.o.B. right, is the Earth Flat?
What has been your most embarrassing moment?
Would you rather be raised by wolfs until the age of 18 or thrown into a pack of coyotes at age 35?
Why do 24-hour stores have locks on the doors?
What’s the most outlandish fact that you know?
What’s your most embarrassing favorite song?
What if you woke up as your favorite celebrity?
What if you could live anywhere on the planet?
What if you only had 1 hour left to live?
What if in the future people have to pay for privacy?
What if money was never an issue?
What if you could be President for 1 week, what would you change?
What are the benefits of a long relationship?
Is it worthwhile to keep working on a relationship?
What is most important for you in a partner?
What's the first thing you notice about a person? 
If you could only eat one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's the most adventurous thing you've ever done?
If you could change one thing about your appearance, what would it be?
What is your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
What is a life lesson you learned from a movie or TV show?
If you could instantly learn any language, which would it be and why?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
If you were to write a book, what genre would it be and what would be the plot?
What is the most thoughtful gift you've ever given someone?
What is your favorite song to dance to?
If you could create a holiday, what would it celebrate and how would people observe it?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
What is one talent or skill you wish you had?
If you had unlimited resources, what cause or charity would you devote your time and money to?
What is the most unusual thing you carry in your bag or pocket?
If you could witness any historical event, which would it be and why?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever received?
What is your favorite hobby that not many people know about?
If you could own a famous piece of art, which would it be and why?
If you could live in any time period, past or future, which would you choose and why?
If you could have a meal with any living celebrity, who would it be, and what would you talk about?
What’s the most inspiring thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
If you could make one rule that everyone in the world had to follow, what would it be?
What’s your favorite book genre, and which book best represents it for you?
If you could trade places with any fictional character, who would it be, and why?
What's the most exciting thing on your bucket list that you haven't done yet?
What was your favorite subject in school, and how does it influence what you do today?
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or the future? Why?
What’s one habit you wish you could break, and what's stopping you from doing so?
If you could create your own emoji, what would it look like, and what would it represent?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you, but you rarely get to share?
If you were given the opportunity to go to space, would you take it? Why or why not?
What is your favorite board game or card game, and what makes it special?
What’s your favorite comfort food, and why does it bring you comfort?
What's the weirdest job you've ever had or heard about?
If you could live in any animated world (like a movie or TV show), which would you choose?
If you could instantly be good at any sport, which one would you pick?
What's the most beautiful piece of music you've ever heard?
If you could learn the truth about any conspiracy theory, which one would you choose to be resolved?
What’s a skill or talent you have that might surprise people?
What's the most unusual talent you have?
If you could have a secret superpower, what would it be and why?
What's the most memorable advice you've ever received?
What is your go-to comfort food?
If you could pick one place to retire, where would it be and why?
If you could live in any book, which one would it be?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be?
What is a hidden gem in your city or town that you recommend to visitors?
What is your favorite type of art, and why do you like it?
If you could witness a historical event, which one would it be?
If you had to wear only one outfit for the rest of your life, what would it look like?
What is the weirdest dream you've ever had?
If you could be any character from a TV show, who would it be and why?
What is a tradition in your family that you cherish?
What's a guilty pleasure movie or TV show that you can't resist?
What's the best prank you've ever pulled or seen?
If you could own any famous painting, which one would it be and why?
What are you most proud of in your life?
If you could choose any other profession, what would you like to do?
What is your favorite song to sing along to in the car?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
What is the best compliment you've ever received?
What is your favorite scent, and why does it resonate with you?
What's the most challenging part of your day?
If you could have any animal as a pet, even a mythical creature, what would it be?
What's your favorite movie quote, and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is your favorite memory from a vacation?
If you could create your own video game, what would it be about?
If you could invent something, what would it be and why?
What's the most inspiring thing you've ever read?
What's your favorite way to start your day?
What book do you recommend to everyone you meet?
If you could meet any celebrity, past or present, who would it be?
What is the best surprise you've ever received?
If you could learn any dance style, which would it be?
What's the best advice you could give to your younger self?
If you could have any animal ability (like super strength or agility), what would it be?
What's your favorite item of clothing, and why?
If you could create a national holiday, what would it celebrate?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
What's your favorite board game or card game?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and why?
What’s the best meal you’ve ever cooked?
If you could swap lives with someone for a day, who would it be?
What's the most unusual thing you carry in your bag or pocket?
If you could write a best-selling book, what would it be about?
What’s your favorite way to exercise?
If you could play any musical instrument, which would it be?
What’s the best book you've read in the last year?
If you could create a new Olympic event, what would it be?
If you could have any animal trait (like super hearing or speed), what would it be?
What's your favorite TV show from your childhood?
If you could have dinner with anyone from history, who would it be and why?
If you could be any character from a book, who would it be and why?
If you could have any job in a completely different industry, what would it be?
What’s your favorite song to sing in the shower?
What's the most interesting museum you've ever visited?
If you could be any character from a movie or TV show, who would it be and why?
If you could visit any fictional place, where would it be?
What’s your favorite restaurant dish?
If you could create a new tradition, what would it be?
What's your favorite movie soundtrack?
What's the best concert you've ever attended?
If you could learn any language instantly, which one would you choose?
If you could redesign your dream house, what would it look like?
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a mistake?
If you could change your career, what would it be?
If you could be any famous person for a day, who would it be?
If you could meet any living author, who would it be and why?
If you could design your dream job, what would it be?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor, and why?
If you could create your own board game, what would it be about?
If you could live anywhere for a year, where would it be and why?
What’s your favorite thing about your hometown?
If you could redesign your neighborhood, what would you change?
What’s the most fun you've had in a single day?
What's your favorite childhood toy?
What's your favorite way to relax after a long day?
If you could start your own charity, what would it be for?
What's the most exciting thing on your bucket list?
If you could design your own superhero, what would their powers be?
If you could meet any character from a movie, who would it be and why?
What's your favorite type of cuisine, and why?
If you could choose any celebrity to be your best friend, who would it be?
If you could be any age for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could meet any famous artist, who would it be and why?
What's the most fun trip you've ever taken?
What's the most meaningful gift you've ever given or received?
If you could have dinner with any celebrity, who would it be and why?
If you could have any job in the entertainment industry, what would it be?
What's your favorite guilty pleasure snack?
If you could create your own TV show, what would it be about?
What's your favorite weather, and why?
What's your favorite genre of music, and why do you like it?
If you could live in any movie universe, which one would it be and why?
What's your favorite way to start your weekend?
What if you could live in any historical era? Which one would you choose, and why?
What if you could have any superpower, but only for a day? Which power would you choose?
What if you could instantly learn any skill or talent? What would it be, and why?
What if you could have dinner with any famous person, living or dead? Who would you choose?
What if you could live in any fictional world from a book or movie? Which world would you pick?
What if you could go back in time and change one event in history? Which event would you alter?
What if you could have a million dollars but had to spend it all in one day? What would you buy?
What if you could change one thing about yourself with a snap of your fingers? What would it be?
What if you could travel to any planet in the solar system? Which one would you visit?
What if you could relive one day from your past? Which day would you choose?
What if you could choose a new first name? What name would you select?
What if you could have a conversation with your future self? What would you ask them?
What if you could be any animal for a day? What animal would you choose to be?
What if you could live in any country for a year? Which country would you pick?
What if you could see into the future but couldn't change anything? Would you still want to see?
What if you could have one wish granted, but it couldn't benefit you directly? What would you wish for?
What if you could travel anywhere in the world, but you couldn't return home for a year? Where would you go?
What if you could meet any historical figure? Who would it be, and what would you talk about?
What if you could swap places with someone for a day? Who would it be, and why?
What if you could speak any language fluently? Which language would you choose?
What if you could instantly master any musical instrument? Which instrument would you choose, and why?
What if you could live without sleep but still feel fully rested? How would you spend the extra hours in your day?
What if you could teleport to any location at will? Where would you go first, and why?
What if you could read people's minds, but only for a limited time each day? When and where would you use this ability?
What's the worst job you've had?
What apps do you use the most?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
What would you do with the money if you won the lottery?
Where do you find inspiration?
What's the best joke you know?
If you worked in a circus, what would your job be?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you almost wet yourself?
What's the worst pick-up line you've ever heard?
What's the oddest food in your fridge?
Do you think aliens exist on other planets?
What's your weirdest guilty pleasure?
What's your best dance move?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What's your strangest quirk?
What's movie scene never fails to make you laugh out loud?
What old person habits do you have?
What would the title of your memoir be?
If you could make up a holiday, what would it celebrate?
Waffles or pancakes?
What colour is math?
How would you sum up your life in a word?
Why don't you say hi to Bootan?
What are your standards and what is crossing the line for you?
Have you committed a crime?
Who, what, when, why, where, and how are you?
How do you admit to failure? (Yes I know about that mistake you made)
What's your daily routine like?
What are you currently working on? (Either for a job, school, or fun)
Drink or eat soup?
Hotdog a sandwich or taco?
Is cereal a soup or salad or other?
Should u rinse dishes before putting them in the dishwasher?
Pineapple on pizza?
Better to be rich or famous?
Is it better to be smart or lucky?
Should schools have uniforms?
Thoughts on private schools.
Should ketchup be kept in the fridge or cupboard?
Should pizza be breakfast food?
Is a Jafa cake a biscuit or a cake?
Is a smoothie a soup?
Who would win in a fight… a duck sized horse or a horse sized duck?
Should people be able to wear onesies to work/school?
Should people use emojis in formal emails?
Should socks have left and right labels?
Is it better to have a talking pet or a pet that can do tricks?
If animals could talk which would be the rudest?
Should you wet the toothbrush before or after putting the toothpaste on it?
How do u pronounce gif (j-i-f) or (g-i-f) or (g-i-f-t)?
Is ketchup a jam?
What colour is nothing?
Correct way to put on socks and shoes: sock sock or sock shoe sock shoe?
Socks or pants on first?
If you were neck high in a barrel of poop and I chucked a basket ball at your head would you duck?
Hottest accent in your opinion?
Are race car drivers athletes?
Should you wash your hands before going to the bathroom?
